{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf250
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green54\blue160;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Date: Sun, 17 Jan 2010 11:23:26 -0800\
From: Brad Cantos <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:brad.cantos@holage.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 brad.cantos@holage.com}}>\
Subject: Re: [mems-talk] S1813 vertical sidewalls\
To: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:mazzolari@fe.infn.it"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 mazzolari@fe.infn.it}}, General MEMS discussion\
	<{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:mems-talk@memsnet.org"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 mems-talk@memsnet.org}}>\
Message-ID: <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:9C6E4A78-90DE-48AC-9E40-61743DC16A4B@holage.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 9C6E4A78-90DE-48AC-9E40-61743DC16A4B@holage.com}}>\
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=utf-8\
\
Andrea,\
\
Many of the responses that have been posted have good advice. \'a0As Edward mentioned, 54? is extremely poor for a contact exposure, so it is very reasonable to check out your fringe pattern with a clear mask. \'a0You may not have good contact, and adjustment may be required. \'a0I had very robust processes with Karl Suss aligners and typically was able to achieve <1?m features through 2?m or more resist, but the tool required regular (at least weekly) maintenance to keep the contact pressure consistent. \
\
Here are a couple of more suggestions:\
\
1. Determine what the minimum exposure to clear the resist is for your particular system (i.e., resist thickness, bake parameters, exposure tool/dose, developer, etc.). \'a0If you want to clear the resist in, for example, 45 seconds of development, do some simple experiments to see what dose gets you there. \'a0Once you determine that, I would use 1.5x to 2x the minimum exposure, and keep the developer fixed at 45 sec. \'a0The mantra I used to get near straight sidewalls, was: over expose and under develop.\
\
2. Have you determined that the 54? sidewall angle occurs after development rather than after hard bake? \'a0Perhaps the resist is flowing after development during the hard bake (unlikely, but eliminate what you can, and you will be left with the right answer).\
\
3. Is there a difference between patterns in the center compared to the edge of the wafer? \'a0If so, this is a good indicator that contact issues are at play.\
\
4. Is your mask clean? \'a0Particles of resist stuck to the mask (a common problem in contact litho) could be causing problems.\
\
5. Do you have an edge-bead issue? \'a0Is the photoresist building up at the edge of the wafer, again preventing contact.\
\
6. Although I have not used S1813 for a long time, the soft bake seems too long, assuming that you are using a hot plate. \'a0It is not likely, though, that this is the cause of the sidewall angle problem. \'a0However, if you are using an oven, it is much too short (try 20 min.). \'a0This would be a candidate because insufficiently baked resist is less photosensitive than properly baked resist, and in an oven the solvents are removed from the top to the bottom.\
\
7. Check the dilution of your developer. \'a0One that is too basic could cause sidewall problems as it tends to erode the unexposed resist more quickly. \'a0A quick experiment would be to take an unexposed wafer and put it into developer for several minutes. \'a0You should see no more than a 5% - 10% thickness reduction.\
\
Brad Cantos\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:brad.cantos@holage.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 brad.cantos@holage.com}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://holage.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://holage.com}}\
}